Sonny Stitt: Just In Case You Forgot How Bad He Really Was
Published on November 23, 2008.
If you ask almost anyone about Sonny Stitt, they’ll probably tell you he was really bad.
Like, in a good way.
But occasionally, some people will forget.
In case of this rare occurrence, there’s a cd that’s appropriately named: “ Sonny Stitt: Just In Case You Forgot How Bad He Really Was .”
I just got it from the AADL.
Not because I forgot, but because I happen to like Sonny Stitt.
The songs are all pretty good.
I think it’s parts of a live set that he did a while back.
Stitt is just really freakin’ good, and not as repetitive as some people (Dexter Gordon, I’m looking at you!).
My favorite part of this album is probably the cover art.
Seriously, I think they looked through all pictures of Sonny Stitt and found the one where he looked baddest.